#summary Items renamed or removed in post-0.5 reorganization

= The Great Renaming =

A major goal for Route-Me after version 0.5 is to bring consistency and Objective-C style compliance to the namespace. This document lists the changes that have been made so far.

= pending changes =
All magic numbers will become constants.  Depending on the constant new .h files will be created (likely for strings).

(code has been altered but not committed)
= completed changes =

== scale ==
r500 22 April 2009

Renamed scale to metersPerPixel, trueScaleDenominator to scaleDenominator.

r497 22 April 2009

== RMOpenStreetMapsSource ==
Renamed to RMOpenStreetMapSource.

== RMLatLongBounds ==
Renamed to RMSphericalTrapezium. The use of "bounds" throughout Cocoa implies specifying one corner plus a rectangular size, a convention that this `struct` does not follow.

Changed corners to northeast, southwest, so that right-hand rule is respected, and comparisons of two points' relative latitude and longitude can be made in the same order.

== get... style accessors ==

||getMarkers||markers||
||getMarkerScreenCoordinate:||screenCoordinatesForMarker:||
||getMarkerCoordinate2D:||latitudeLongitudeForMarker||
||getNextNativeZoomFactor||nextNativeZoomFactor||
||getCoordinateBounds:||latitudeLongitudeBoundingBoxFor:||
||getScreenCoordinateBounds:||latitudeLongitudeBoundingBoxForScreen||
||getMarkersForScreenBounds||markersWithinScreenBounds||
||getGestureDetails:||gestureDetails: ||

== RMXYPoint==

r491 22 April 2009

The RMXYPoint struct has been renamed to RMProjectedPoint. Its members x, y are now easting, northing. Most associated structs, functions, and ivars have been renamed appropriately. 

If you see x/y references, those are screen coordinates.

||RMXYPoint|| RMProjectedPoint||
||RMXYSize ||RMProjectedSize||
||RMXYRect || RMProjectedRect|| 
|| RMScaleXYPointAboutPoint||RMScaleProjectedPointAboutPoint()||
|| RMScaleXYRectAboutPoint||RMScaleProjectedRectAboutPoint ()||
|| RMTranslateXYPointBy||RMTranslateProjectedPointBy ()||
||RMTranslateXYRectBy || RMTranslateProjectedRectBy()||
|| RMXYMakePoint ()||  RMMakeProjectedPoint () ||
|| RMXYMakeRect ()|| RMMakeProjectedRect () || 
||RMMapView -moveToXYPoint: ||-moveToProjectedPoint:||
||RMFractalTileProjection.bounds || planetBounds||
||RMLayerSet -moveToXYPoint:||-moveToProjectedPoint||
||RMMapContents.XYBounds|| projectedBounds||
||RMMapContents -moveToXYPoint:|| -moveToProjectedPoint:||
||RMMapContentsFacade -moveToXYPoint:|| -moveToProjectedPoint:||
||RMMapLayer.location||projectedLocation||
||RMMarker.location||projectedLocation||
||RMMercatorToScreenProjection.XYBounds||projectedBounds||
||RMMercatorToScreenProjection.XYCenter||projectedCenter||
||RMMercatorToScreenProjection.bounds||planetBounds||
||RMProjection.bounds||planetBounds||